Docs: Fix instructions for backend Datasource plugins (#70381)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/tutorials/build-a-data-source-backend-plugin/index.md

#### Grafana doesn't load my plugin

Ensure that Grafana has been started in development mode. If you are running Grafana from source, you'll need to include the add the following line to your `conf/custom.ini` file (if you don't have one already, go ahead and create this file before proceeding):

```ini
app_mode = development
```

> You can then start Grafana in development mode by running `mage -v && yarn start` in the repository root. If you are running Grafana from a binary or inside a Docker container, you can start it in development mode by setting the environment variable `GF_DEFAULT_APP_MODE` to `development`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can then start Grafana in development mode by running `make run` in the repository root. If you are running Grafana from a binary or inside a Docker container, you can start it in development mode by setting the environment variable `GF_DEFAULT_APP_MODE` to `development`.
```

Author: @asimpson Ah great catch! 🎉  Thanks!
